# Concordium Community Code of Conduct

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for participation in
Concordium open source communities, as well as steps for reporting
unacceptable behavior.

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our
project and our community a harassment-free experience.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

- Being friendly and patient

- Using welcoming and inclusive language

- Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences

- Gracefully accepting constructive feedback

- Showing empathy towards other community members

- Focusing on what is best for the community

Examples of unacceptable behavior include:

- The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or
  advances of any kind

- Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or
  political attacks

- Public or private harassment

- Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email
  address, without explicit permission

- Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in
  a professional setting

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces regardless of
whether or not the project space explicitly calls out its use of this
code. The Code of Conduct also applies in public spaces when an
individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing our community include using an official email address,
posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Reporting Code of Conduct Conflicts

We encourage all communities to resolve issues on their own whenever
possible. This builds a broader and deeper understanding and ultimately
a healthier interaction. In the event that an issue cannot be resolved
locally, please feel free to report your concerns by contacting the
project team at support\@concordium.com. All complaints will be reviewed
and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary
and appropriate to the circumstances, but you may not receive a direct
response. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with
regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific
enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in
good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined
by other members of the project\'s leadership.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the Contributor Covenant, version
2.0, available at
<https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html>.